[Music]
it's not about drugs it's a dope song
don't do drugs can't believe how they do
here Gabe got a boat he's kidding right
he's not kidding hey I think it's vodka
oh yeah where's Jason what were you I
didn't know if you were lost stick with
me I'll keep you safe
[Music]
there's a family our driveway it's
probably the neighbors and John Scavo
family how can I help you sir Patricia
if you want to get crazy
[Music]
[Applause]
people they look exactly like us they
think like us they know where we are
to move and keep moving
they won't stop until they kill us and
we kill them
[Music]
you are a gift
I know it's been difficult for you they
make you feel different from other kids
[Music]
you are different
after your dad and I got married we
prayed for a baby for so long
[Music]
we believe that you came here for a
reason
he was in the barn did he find it no he
was like he was drawn
they may look like us
he's now workers
[Music]
hello
is anyone there
[Music]
I'm trying to reach
[Applause]
senators we believe that these Titans
are just the tip of the iceberg which of
these Titans are here to protect us and
[Music]
which of these Titans are here to
threaten us
so you'd want to make Godzilla our pet
no we would be his you're sure he's
gonna be okay
they're everywhere battling for
dominance
arrival alpha to Godzilla
you gotta be kidding
[Music]
they warned us that something was coming
if there is ever an end in this forever
war it will be because of you
and your strong right hand where the
line in the sand we fight against the
forces of darkness this is the you're
expecting a sign that says secret
headquarters oh I need some ID love oh
are you serious you made me a damn
weapon I just wanted to help you become
the best you
[Applause]
some dads get their kids Legos saved in
the world of silence
does it do anything special yeah it
smashes things real good
[Music]
you are mankind's best and only hope
we were supposed to be fighting monsters
not working with
are you calling monster pal you looking
at me recently he's an ass sorry
these are just in time
[Music]
always remember the universe has a way
of leading you to where you're supposed
to be at the moment you're supposed to
be there let's do this
it took me 20 years to find you
how many people can say that
you are the best-kept secret in the
universe and I found you
which makes be perfect for this job you
really think a black suit it's going to
solve all your problems
no but looks damn good on you we are
[Music]
recognizable only as DejaVu and
dismissed just as quickly time to prove
yourself agent M we may have a problem
in London welcome to MIB you will be
with Asian Paints one of the best ever
to ever suit
[Music]
catching up with my daily meditation
time for lunch I thank you hungry it's
9:30 Tuesdays taco day we've been
compromised with every citizen of this
planet at risk
[Applause]
you could all just to drive here just
try
gonna be fun
left fun with it
there should be a big red button around
here somewhere found it we are the men
in black
looks like a tables of time incredible
[Music]
stay huh
Heyman's pods if you find this recording
don't feel better about this part of the
journey use the end
[Music]
just for the record being adrift in
space with zero promise of rescue is
more fun that sounds food water ran out
four days ago
oxygen allowed out tomorrow morning I'd
be it when I drift off I will dream
about you
it's always you
[Music]
danos did exactly what he said he was
gonna do
he wiped out 50% of all living creatures
we lost all of us
Plus friends you lost family
you lost a part of ourselves
this is the fight of our lives this is
gonna work Steve I know it is cuz I
don't know what I'm gonna do if it
doesn't
hi is anyone home this is Scott Lang we
met a few years ago at the airport in
Germany that got really big is just an
old message that's me can you buzz me in
so scrolls are the bad guys
and you're free a race of noble warriors
heroes noble warrior heroes
[Music]
your life began the day it nearly ended
we found you with no memory we made you
one of us so you could live longer
stronger superior
you were reborn
I keep having these
memories something in my past is the key
to all of this
you're not a Bladensburg you'll see
that's a yes or no question yes
[Music]
would you like to know
what you really are
I think I had a life here
what are you telling me
you've come a long way
but you know as strong as you think
[Music]
the school is just the beginning
I'm not gonna fight your war
[Music]
I'm gonna end it
I'm sure the cutest lovely aren't you
what's your name
Oh
here's that good morning New York City
[Music]
what are you doing what's it look like
I'm doing I'm doing superhero stuff I'm
calling this meeting of the superhero
animal friends to order come on Molly
time to go oh I'm gonna be late for
school captain snowball you're in charge
while I'm gone one first of all I want
to welcome white thunder back from the
washing machine who was put in there
with a red blanket and hates fourth will
be known as pink thunder personally I
like the new look
[Music]